some 107
some 107 [Music]
[Music]
[Music] Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is
Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is
Oh give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever
good for his mercy endures forever
good for his mercy endures forever let the redeemed of the Lord say so whom
let the redeemed of the Lord say so whom
let the redeemed of the Lord say so whom he has redeemed from the hand of the
he has redeemed from the hand of the
he has redeemed from the hand of the enemy and gathered out of the lands from
enemy and gathered out of the lands from
enemy and gathered out of the lands from the east and from the West from the
the east and from the West from the
the east and from the West from the north and from the south they wandered
north and from the south they wandered
north and from the south they wandered in the wilderness in a desolate way they
in the wilderness in a desolate way they
in the wilderness in a desolate way they found no city to dwell in hungry and
found no city to dwell in hungry and
found no city to dwell in hungry and thirsty their soul fainted in them then
thirsty their soul fainted in them then
thirsty their soul fainted in them then they cried out to the Lord in their
they cried out to the Lord in their
they cried out to the Lord in their trouble and he delivered them out of
trouble and he delivered them out of
trouble and he delivered them out of their de-stresses and he led them forth
their de-stresses and he led them forth
their de-stresses and he led them forth by the right way that they might go to a
by the right way that they might go to a
by the right way that they might go to a city for a dwelling place oh that men
city for a dwelling place oh that men
city for a dwelling place oh that men would give thanks to the Lord for His
would give thanks to the Lord for His
would give thanks to the Lord for His goodness and for his wonderful works to
goodness and for his wonderful works to
goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men for he satisfies the
the children of men for he satisfies the
the children of men for he satisfies the longing soul and fills the hungry soul
longing soul and fills the hungry soul
longing soul and fills the hungry soul with goodness those who sat in darkness
with goodness those who sat in darkness
with goodness those who sat in darkness and in the shadow of death found in
and in the shadow of death found in
and in the shadow of death found in affliction and irons because they
affliction and irons because they
affliction and irons because they rebelled against the words of God and
rebelled against the words of God and
rebelled against the words of God and despised the counsel of the Most High
despised the counsel of the Most High
despised the counsel of the Most High therefore he brought down their heart
therefore he brought down their heart
therefore he brought down their heart with labour they fell down and there was
with labour they fell down and there was
with labour they fell down and there was none to help then they cried out to the
none to help then they cried out to the
none to help then they cried out to the Lord in their trouble and he saved them
Lord in their trouble and he saved them
Lord in their trouble and he saved them out of their de-stresses he brought them
out of their de-stresses he brought them
out of their de-stresses he brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death
out of darkness and the shadow of death
out of darkness and the shadow of death and broke their chains in pieces oh that
and broke their chains in pieces oh that
and broke their chains in pieces oh that men would give thanks to the Lord for
men would give thanks to the Lord for
men would give thanks to the Lord for His goodness and for his wonderful works
His goodness and for his wonderful works
His goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men for he has broken
to the children of men for he has broken
to the children of men for he has broken the gates of bronze and cut the bars of
the gates of bronze and cut the bars of
the gates of bronze and cut the bars of iron into fools because of their
iron into fools because of their
iron into fools because of their transgression and because of their
transgression and because of their
transgression and because of their iniquities were afflicted their soul
iniquities were afflicted their soul
iniquities were afflicted their soul abhorred all manner of food and they
abhorred all manner of food and they
abhorred all manner of food and they drew near to the gates of death then
drew near to the gates of death then
drew near to the gates of death then they cried out to the Lord in their
they cried out to the Lord in their
they cried out to the Lord in their trouble and he saved them out of their
trouble and he saved them out of their
trouble and he saved them out of their distresses he sent His Word and healed
distresses he sent His Word and healed
distresses he sent His Word and healed them and delivered them from their
them and delivered them from their
them and delivered them from their destructions
destructions
destructions oh that men would give thanks to the
oh that men would give thanks to the
oh that men would give thanks to the Lord for His goodness and for his
Lord for His goodness and for his
Lord for His goodness and for his wonderful works to the children of men
wonderful works to the children of men
wonderful works to the children of men let them sacrifice the sacrifices of
let them sacrifice the sacrifices of
let them sacrifice the sacrifices of Thanksgiving and declare his works with
Thanksgiving and declare his works with
Thanksgiving and declare his works with rejoicing those who go down to the sea
rejoicing those who go down to the sea
rejoicing those who go down to the sea and ships who do business on great
and ships who do business on great
and ships who do business on great waters they see the works of the Lord
waters they see the works of the Lord
waters they see the works of the Lord and His wonders in the deep for he
and His wonders in the deep for he
and His wonders in the deep for he commands and raises the stormy wind
commands and raises the stormy wind
commands and raises the stormy wind which lifts up the waves of the sea they
which lifts up the waves of the sea they
which lifts up the waves of the sea they mount up to the heavens they go down
mount up to the heavens they go down
mount up to the heavens they go down again to the depths
again to the depths
again to the depths their soul melts because of trouble they
their soul melts because of trouble they
their soul melts because of trouble they reel to and fro and stagger like a
reel to and fro and stagger like a
reel to and fro and stagger like a drunken man and are at their wit's end
drunken man and are at their wit's end
drunken man and are at their wit's end then they cry out to the Lord in their
then they cry out to the Lord in their
then they cry out to the Lord in their trouble and he brings them out of their
trouble and he brings them out of their
trouble and he brings them out of their de-stresses he calms the storm so that
de-stresses he calms the storm so that
de-stresses he calms the storm so that its waves are still then they are glad
its waves are still then they are glad
its waves are still then they are glad because they are quiet so he guides them
because they are quiet so he guides them
because they are quiet so he guides them to their desired Haven oh that men would
to their desired Haven oh that men would
to their desired Haven oh that men would give thanks to the Lord for His goodness
give thanks to the Lord for His goodness
give thanks to the Lord for His goodness and for his wonderful works to the
and for his wonderful works to the
and for his wonderful works to the children of men let them exalt him also
children of men let them exalt him also
children of men let them exalt him also in the Assembly of the people and praise
in the Assembly of the people and praise
in the Assembly of the people and praise him in the company of the elders he
him in the company of the elders he
him in the company of the elders he turns rivers into a wilderness and the
turns rivers into a wilderness and the
turns rivers into a wilderness and the water springs into dry ground a fruitful
water springs into dry ground a fruitful
water springs into dry ground a fruitful land into Berenice for the wickedness of
land into Berenice for the wickedness of
land into Berenice for the wickedness of those who dwell in it he turns a
those who dwell in it he turns a
those who dwell in it he turns a wilderness into pools of water and dry
wilderness into pools of water and dry
wilderness into pools of water and dry land into water Springs there he makes
land into water Springs there he makes
land into water Springs there he makes the hungry dwell that they may establish
the hungry dwell that they may establish
the hungry dwell that they may establish a city for a dwelling place and so
a city for a dwelling place and so
a city for a dwelling place and so fields and plant vineyards but they may
fields and plant vineyards but they may
fields and plant vineyards but they may yield a fruitful harvest he also blesses
yield a fruitful harvest he also blesses
yield a fruitful harvest he also blesses them and they multiply greatly
them and they multiply greatly
them and they multiply greatly and he does not let their cattle
and he does not let their cattle
and he does not let their cattle decrease when they are diminished and
decrease when they are diminished and
decrease when they are diminished and brought low through oppression
brought low through oppression
brought low through oppression affliction and sorrow He pours contempt
affliction and sorrow He pours contempt
affliction and sorrow He pours contempt on princes and causes them to wander in
on princes and causes them to wander in
on princes and causes them to wander in the wilderness where there is no way yet
the wilderness where there is no way yet
the wilderness where there is no way yet he sets the poor on high far from
he sets the poor on high far from
he sets the poor on high far from affliction and makes their families like
affliction and makes their families like
affliction and makes their families like a flock the righteous see it and rejoice
a flock the righteous see it and rejoice
a flock the righteous see it and rejoice and all iniquity stops its mouth whoever
and all iniquity stops its mouth whoever
and all iniquity stops its mouth whoever is wise will observe these things and
is wise will observe these things and
is wise will observe these things and they will understand the loving kindness
they will understand the loving kindness
they will understand the loving kindness of the Lord